Blame Sun for eating an apple, grandpa, I don't want to eat it
Your finger is broken.
Mouth is also broken
Eat when you should
Eat your body
Ha ha.
I heard that Sister Yunyan was kidnapped
And that dust saved his life.
Hmm, you seem disappointed
Grandpa, what's going to happen to Sister Yunyan?
Isn't that me as the president of the group?
brat
Do you have a little hope in your heart that I will die soon?
You're so beautiful
Grandpa, I dare not
It's just that my fingers are always bad
Are you depressed?
I want you not to do it
It will be fine soon.
Why did Mr. Xiao reprimand you?
My mom called again to threaten me
Said that if I didn't go on a blind date with his rich second generation
He committed suicide
He just scares you
You work hard
Don't think about it.
But what if he comes for real?
So Fang Chen's younger brother
Do you want to think about my last plan?
Okay, you square minister
Sure enough, he still has the password.